Hello friends! How are you today? 🥰
Prepare muffin tray and set aside.
And turn on the oven to 180C / 360F / Gas mark 4
2 eggs.
Whisk until fluffy and foamy.
For about 3 minutes.
125ml (1/2 cup) vegetable oil.
Whisk to combine.
250ml (1 cup) milk.
200g (1 cup) sugar.
1 tsp extract.
Whisk to combine.
360 (3 cups) plain flour.
1 teaspoon baking powder.
1/2 teaspoon salt.
Mix briefly.
Sift it.
Mix in the flour gently so it doesn't scatter when whisking.
Whisk just until combined.
Don't over whisk.
Now you can add 100g (2/3 cup) of raisins or chocolate chips and mix in gently with spatula.
Which country and city are you watching from?
I would love to hear from you 🤗
Divide the batter evenly between 12 tins.
This recipe makes 12 large muffins.
Bake it a preheated oven:
at 180C / 360F / Gas mark 4,
for 20-25 minutes,
or until toothpick comes out clean
(every oven is different).
Cool it down in the tray for 10 minutes.
Transfer onto cooling rack and let them cool down completely.
Any questions about this recipe please let me know 🤗
Enjoy 🥰